Mr. Shen, please let me go.
Your lady, Sister Xiaojia has nothing to do with you.
That's because Fu Yancheng, if you play with me for a while,
They will give up this intention.
Moreover, if Fu Yancheng sees that you and I are so close,
What does he think.
Mr. Shen, when I was with Deputy Yancheng,
It has nothing to do with you, thank you for being simple for me today,
But others are not needed.
He is a bit energetic, deliberately playing Yancheng songs and deliberately making songs.
Are you ready for what I asked you to prepare?
Don't worry, Sister Kang, everything has been arranged.
Just wait until you are optimistic about happiness and want to save her.